Which of the following statements are true?


Private methods cannot be overridden in subclasses. // true
//Only methods that are inherited can be overridden and private methods are not inherited.

A subclass can override any method in a non-final superclass.
//Only the methods that are not declared to be final can be overridden. 
//Further, private methods are not inherited so they cannot be overridden either.

An overriding method can declare that it throws a wider spectrum of checked exceptions than the method it is overriding.

The parameter list of an overriding method must be a subset of the parameter list of the method that it is overriding.
//An overriding method (the method that is trying to override the base class’s method) must have the same parameters.

The overriding method may opt not to declare any throws clause even if the original method has a throws clause. //true
No exception (i.e. an empty set of exceptions) is a valid subset of the set of exceptions thrown by the original method 
so an overriding method can choose to not have any throws clause.

Explanation
A method can be overridden by defining a method with the same signature(i.e. name and parameter list) and 
return type as the method in a superclass. The return type can also be a subclass of the original method's return type.

Only methods that are accessible can be overridden. A private method cannot, therefore, be overridden in subclasses, 
but the subclasses are allowed to define a new method with exactly the same signature. 

A final method cannot be overridden. 

An overriding method cannot exhibit behavior that contradicts the declaration of the original method. 
An overriding method therefore cannot return a different type (except a subtype) or throw a wider spectrum of exceptions 
than the original method in the superclass.

A subclass may have a static method with the same signature as a static method in the base class 
but it is not called overriding. It is called hiding because the concept of polymorphism doesn't apply to static members.